Because of all the changes in the 2009 service offering, consider mlbviewer
2009 to be highly unstable and lacking many of the features of last season's
mlbviewer.  It is my intent to bring mlbviewer back to the same level of 
functionality, but it may take awhile.

This file will get updated semi-regularly.

WORKING (or at least it's supposed to work...)

XML parsing of the new 2009 listings:

However...initially, the listings page will be pointing at a hosted page with
archived games from MLB.TV's beta test games.  Many of these should work, but 
a couple are left in for regression of various kinds of errors.

SOAP requests for game urls:

You will need to copy the MediaService.wdsl and MediaService.xsd files to your
$HOME/.mlb directory for these SOAP requests to work.  Turns out the 
description and schema files hosted by MLB.com have errors in them.  These
files were fixed by the developer of suds (the Python SOAP library.)

Recording of games:

It is recommended that you record the games using mlbdvr.py with 
dvr_record_only=True in your config file.  rtmpdump is not successfully pulling
down the entire stream in one go, but, at least for archived games, it pulls
faster than real-time.  There has been some hacking in the recorder process
management of mlbdvr.py to attempt to restart and resume rtmpdump when it is
detected to be lagging.  Currently, the lag detection code takes about a minute
to detect and restart/resume the stream download.

Debugging:

Lots of information is going into $HOME/.mlb/log.  Also the 'd' toggle behaves
as it did last year (any errors including "Uncaught errors") will drop through 
and produce a crash with a stack trace.  These stack traces will be essential 
for stabilizing the 2009 product.  The 'z' key debug also works to display the 
internal python data structure representation of a particular listing.

Bookmarks:

I haven't actually tested this, but I also haven't changed any code in this 
area.  I don't see why this wouldn't still work as expected.

2008 Games:

Use startdate=mm/dd/yy command-line option to launch 2008 game listings or 
watch your favorite 2008 games from your bookmarks file.

NOT WORKING:

Live games:

There just aren't enough of them, and many of them at inconvenient hours, for 
me to test.  I hope to have live game support added soon after the season 
begins if not sooner.

Gameday audio:

MLB.tv doesn't support this yet with their new architecture so I have no idea
whether it will use the old json pages or the new SOAP requests.

Top Plays, Condensed Games:

MLB.tv hasn't tested these yet so same as gameday audio.  We'll support it when
they figure out how they will support it.

Recording and playing concurrently:

It might work but more effort has gone into stabilizing the recorder code.
It's recommended you record only, and play the recorded stream in a separate 
command shell.  A lot of code rework needs to go into the player/recorder 
pieces to properly manage each process without effecting the stability of the
other. 

