For system requirements and installation instructions, see INSTALL file.

MLBVIEWER - Making MLB.TV better for Linux since 2008

mlbviewer is a python-based program with a curses interface for connecting
users with the media subscriptions they paid for.  You must have an MLB.TV
subscription to use this program.

A little history...

Back in 2008, MLB.TV used a Silverlight web plugin.  The original founder of 
this project did some snooping and figured out that the Silverlight was 
completely unnecessary and was just providing a user interface (unlike Netflix
where Silverlight authentication is inseparable and unavoidable.)  A quick 
hack with curses was released to the Linuxquestions forum and presto!  Linux
had MLB.TV.  

Back in 2008, mlbviewer was an underground project.  Over the years, we've
come to learn that MLBAM is not only aware of the project but several
of their developers have used it or continue to use it.

The official purpose and intention of mlbviewer always has and always will be
to provide the highest level of feature parity with the offical offering while 
remaining fully compliant with the MLB.TV Terms of Service.  As such,
there will never be proxy support or any other means to circumvent blackouts.
Any other feature that might violate the ToS or compete with a paid app will 
not be supported or developed (so please don't ask for an Android app or 
methods to stream to Android or iPhone.)  New feature requests are always
welcome but they will always be considered against the official offering
and whether they might either conflict with the Terms of Service or 
remove revenue from an official competing product.  Similiarly, mlbviewer and 
its associated tools can be used in ways that might conflict with the ToS.
The author is not responsible for uses the code and tools were not intended
for nor will the author assist or provide development support for these uses.

In more simple terms, just because mlbviewer can be used to record streams
does not mean that the author will provide any assistance or support for
this unintended feature.  If you do so, you do this at your own risk and your 
on your own for how to do it.

One final word of disclaimer, it is the author and the user community's belief
that mlbviewer has been allowed to exist and thrive because of this attitude
of compliance and fair use.  While mlbviewer is open source, if you create
a derivative project that does naughty things, please do not distribute that 
project.  One bad derivative can spell trouble for the source project as well.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

And now the good stuff.... :)

FEATURES OF MLBVIEWER

- Fully scrollable calendar of listings, forward and backward, and ability
  to jump to specific dates
- Gameday audio, Basic service video, and Premium (Nexdef) video
- Live and archive game support for audio and video
- Adaptive streaming in Nexdef mode (and the ability to disable adaptive mode)
- Support for all stream speeds
- Support for home and away coverage
- Condensed games
- Top Plays for individual games
- Jump to specific innings
- Start live games from beginning (premium service only)

Features unique to mlbviewer:

- Audio and Video follow: Choose the teams whose broadcast you prefer and
  whenever you select a game with that team, that team's broadcast is 
  automatically chosen regardless of whether they are the home or away team
- Favorite team highlighting: with or without curses colors, mlbviewer can
  highlight your favorite teams to make their games easier to find in the 
  listings
- Display of calendar in local time
- Bookmark individual games to watch later
- mlblistings and mlbplay tools that can be used to display listings or play
  media without using the curses gui

Hot Keys
--------

The curses interface uses hot-keys (individual case-sensitive keystrokes) 
to implement certain features or select game media for playback.

Basic usage:

COMMANDS
Enter               : Play video of highlighted game
a                   : Play Gameday audio of highlighted game
c                   : Play Condensed Game Video (if available)
d                   : Toggle debug 
n                   : Toggle NEXDEF mode

LISTINGS
Up/Down             : Highlight games in the current view
Left/Right          : Navigate one day forward or back
j                   : Jump to a date
p                   : Toggle speed (toggle adaptive streaming in nexdef mode)
s                   : Toggle HOME or AWAY stream selection
r                   : Refresh listings

SCREENS
t                   : Display top plays listing for current game
b                   : View bookmarks
h                   : Display version and keybindings
l (or Esc)          : Return to listings
 
BOOKMARKS
m                   : Bookmark a game or edit bookmark title
x (or Bksp)         : Delete a bookmark

Advanced Usage:
DEBUG
z                   : Displays listing and coverage debug for a game
o                   : Displays configuration option values
R                   : Reload the configuration

LISTINGS
p                   : In nexdef mode, p key toggles adaptive streaming

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

CONFIGURATION FILE OPTIONS

When started for the first time, mlbviewer creates a configuration file
with default values.  There are two settings that must be changed from 
default values.

user=        : MLB.TV username (the email address associated with subscription)
pass=        : MLB.TV password

MEDIA PLAYERS

video_player=     : command to play videos
audio_player=     : command to play gameday audio
top_plays_player= : command to play highlights 

top_plays_player defaults to video_player but you can specify a different
command to adjust cache settings for lower bitrates compared to game streams

STREAM AND SPEED SETTINGS

speed=          : Default speed to select (can be changed with 'p' key) for
                  basic service streams

Valid speeds are: 300, 500, 1200, 1800, and 2400

use_nexdef=      : True/False for whether to select premium streams
                   nexdef mode requires mlbhls (see REQUIREMENTS file)

min_bps=         : Minimum quality stream to use for adaptive streaming

max_bps=         : Maximum quality stream to use for adaptive streaming

Specified in bps from 100000 for 100K to 4500000 (4500K)

adaptive_stream  : True/False for whether to let mlbhls adjust the stream
                   speed based on a running calculation of the delivery of 
                   the stream (if network is slow, adaptive streaming adjusts)

Without adaptive streaming enabled, mlbhls will attempt to lock onto the 
highest available stream that's less than or equal to max_bps.

live_from_start= : True/False, for nexdef games, if True, live games will 
                   begin from the start of the broadcast rather than current
                   action
              

MEDIA SELECTION

coverage=      : valid values are 'home' or 'away', default coverage to select

audio_follow=  : always select this team's coverage regardless of coverage
                 setting (see below for team codes to use for this value)

video_follow=  : same as audio_follow

Only one value per audio_follow or video_follow line is supported but 
multiple audio_follow and video_follow lines can be in the config file.

LISTINGS

use_color=      : True/False, whether to use colors in the listings screen

bg_color=       : Set the background color.  A value of xterm uses default
                  background color for your terminal program

favorite_color= : For teams marked as favorite, they will be highlighted in
                  this color to make them easier to find in listings

favorite=       : Teams to highlight using favorite_color

If use_color is False (or 0), then favorite highlighting is only an underline
and favorite_color and bg_color options are ignored.

Valid colors are: black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan, and white.
A value of 'xterm' will use default terminal colors.

Team codes for audio_follow, video_follow, and favorite are:

     'ana', 'ari', 'atl', 'bal', 'bos', 'chc', 'cin', 'cle', 'col',
     'cws', 'det', 'mia', 'hou', 'kc', 'la', 'mil', 'min', 'nym',
     'nyy', 'oak', 'phi', 'pit', 'sd', 'sea', 'sf', 'stl', 'tb',
     'tex', 'tor', 'was'


MISCELLANEOUS OPTIONS

use_librtmp=        : True/False, if mplayer was built with librtmp support and 
                      librtmp.so is installed, audio and video playback can
                      use librtmp in mplayer without requiring rtmpdump

show_inning_frames= : Innings screen displays an innings frame showing 
                      which innings are available.  However, this can be 
                      very confusing when using a screen reader so this setting
                      disables that display. (True/False)

flash_browser=      : Command to launch a browser to the flash url if 
                      for some strange reason that's desired over mlbviewer

x_display=          : Ability to display the video_player to a remote display

show_player_command=: Display the command being used to start the audio or 
                      video player before launching the external player 
                      (True/False)

debug=              : True/False, normally errors are handled gracefully
                      debug=True allows the error to "crash" the program
                      so an error trace can be collected and used for a bug 
                      report.

True/False settings can be specified as either True/False or 1/0.  For example,
debug can be:

debug=True

debug=1

These are equivalent, just as these are also equivalent:

debug=False

debug=0

------------------------------------------------------------------------

MORE HELP

Any questions, problems, concerns, bug reports, praise, etc can be posted
to the linuxquestions forum below.  Don't worry about the 240 pages.  Just
post to the end.  People still read and respond to the latest entries:

http://www.linuxquestions.org/questions/fedora-35/mlb.tv-in-linux-432479/

DEVELOPMENT VERSIONS

A stable version of mlbviewer is uploaded to Sourceforge only a few times
each baseball season.  Generally, one version is uploaded before Opening Day.
Another version may be uploaded when all the basic features are complete (if
they are not completely supported by Opening Day), and any service affecting
bug fixes are uploaded.  However, development is ongoing throughout the 
season.  New and experimental features may be checked into SVN but the 
stable release is not refreshed until those features are thoroughly tested
and complete.  For minor bug fixes and new features, it is recommended to 
subscribe to the forum thread above and check out a copy of mlbviewer from
SVN.

To checkout an initial copy from SVN:

svn co https://mlbviewer.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/mlbviewer/trunk mlbviewer

You will need the subversion package from your Linux distribution if you 
do not have the svn command.

Svn revisions are not official releases but they have the most recent bug
fixes and new features being tested.  It is through the efforts of those
who want to test svn code that the development team gains confidence in
any new code.  Please post any comments about svn revisions to the Linux
Questions forum above.

When reporting bugs, please state the svn revision you are using.  This can be
found with the 'svn info' command:

matthew@tango:~/mlbtv/svn/mlbviewer$ svn info
Path: .
URL: https://mlbviewer.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/mlbviewer/trunk
Repository Root: https://mlbviewer.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/mlbviewer
Repository UUID: d37ac8f2-af4a-0410-91f3-abd50a2159f9
Revision: 75
Node Kind: directory
Schedule: normal
Last Changed Author: daftcat75
Last Changed Rev: 75
Last Changed Date: 2008-06-04 17:06:52 -0700 (Wed, 04 Jun 2008)

In the output above, the revision is 75.

To update to a new revision using svn, you do not need to checkout again.  
Simply navigate to the top directory of your SVN version of mlbviewer and type:

svn up

You'll see output similar to this:

$ svn up
U    REQUIREMENTS-2012.tx
G    mlbviewer.py
U    NEW-MLBPLAY
U    mlbplay.py
U    MLBviewer/__init__.p
U    MLBviewer/mlblogin.p
U    MLBviewer/mlbtv.py
Updated to revision 360.

Only files which have been added or changed will be updated.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

DONATIONS

This project is a labor of love but it still requires an initial investment
of about 100 hours in Spring Training and many more over the course of the 
season.  Any contribution of any size is greatly appreciated.  You can 
make a donation by sending a Paypal payment to:

straycat000(at)yahoo(dot)com

THANKS AND....

PLAY BALL!

The mlbviewer Development Team
